added a how to install metrics server (#141)
epinio/docs: docs/howtos/install_metrics_server.md

---
sidebar_label: "Install Metrics Server"
sidebar_position: 19
title: ""
---

> # Why Install A Metrics Server ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What is the need for a Metrics Server ?
```

If no metrics server is running on a cluster, the application "instances" (aka Pods) will
report errors when trying to show metrics (RAM, CPU etc) via
[epinio app show](../references/commands/cli/app/epinio_app_show.md)

> # Install A Metrics Server

Author: See #142

> Please read and follow the
> [instructions](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server) for installing a metrics
> server. They provide information about requirements, the various possible methods (plain
> yaml, helm chart, etc), and issues like configuration for high availability and security,
> etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read and follow the
[instructions](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server) for installing a Metrics
Server. You will get the information about the requirements, the various installation methods (plain
yaml, helm chart, etc), and guidance for additional configurations such as high availability and security.
```

Author: See #142

> The most simple form of installation, execution of

Author: See #142
